docs: improved README.md file (#1177)
DiceDB/dice: README.md

<a href="https://dicedb.io">![slatedb.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/site-dicedb.io-00A1FF?style=flat-square)</a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/6r8uXWtXh7">![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1232385660460204122?style=flat-square)</a>
<a href="https://dicedb.io/get-started/installation/">![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-00A1FF?style=flat-square)</a>

> <a target="_blank" href="https://discord.gg/6r8uXWtXh7"><img src="https://dcbadge.limes.pink/api/server/6r8uXWtXh7?style=flat" alt="discord community" /></a>

Reviewer: How's this different from L5?

Author: Better preview which can be easily seen by anyone

pip install dicedb-cli
```

## Client Compatibility

DiceDB is fully compatible with Redis protocol, allowing you to connect using any existing Redis client or SDK.

> [!NOTE]

> > The `Q.WATCH` feature is only accessible through the DiceDB CLI.

Reviewer: Not correct, can be accessed by `SUBSCRIBE` command via redis-cli.

Reviewer 2: We don't plan on supporting this long term so we may skip adding this in the official documentation.

## Running Benchmark

```bash
make run_benchmark
```

## Getting Started

To get started with building and contributing to DiceDB, please refer to the [issues](https://github.com/DiceDB/dice/issues) created in this repository.

## Docs

> <!-- TODO: Replace Netlify status badge with the appropriate API -->

Reviewer: Shall we remove this?

Author: It was intentionally added to point out that netlify status badge is not working

Once the server starts, visit http://localhost:4321/ in your favourite browser. This runs with a hot reload which means any changes you make in the website and the documentation can be instantly viewed on the browser.

### Docs directory structure

1. `docs/src/content/docs/commands` is where all the commands are documented
2. `docs/src/content/docs/tutorials` is where all the tutorials are documented

## The Story

> DiceDB began as a re-implementation of Redis in Golang, with the goal of building a Database-as-a-Service optimized for modern hardware and real-time reactivity. While DiceDB does not aim to replace Redis, it specializes in multicore computations while running on a single-threaded event loop, making it ideal for building and scaling truly real-time applications.

Reviewer: Not sure about wording on this.
cc: @JyotinderSingh

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DiceDB started as a re-implementation of Redis in Golang with the idea of building a DB from scratch to understand the micro-nuances that come with its implementation. DiceDB isn’t just another database; it’s a platform purpose-built for the real-time era. As real-time systems become increasingly prevalent in modern applications, DiceDB’s hyper-optimized architecture is positioned to power the next generation of user experiences.
```
